# CSE 190 Research Paper
This is a Research Paper Proposal written by me and my teammates in CSE 190: Introduction to Computing Education Research, taught by Prof. Adalbert Gerald Soosai Raj (gerald@eng.ucsd.edu) at the University of California, San Diego. 

Note: This paper was first written for a university course. You are allowed to use it as a reference to construct your ideas and arguments for any type of writings. However, no part of this text may be stored, reproduced, or reposted elsewhere, in any form or by any means, without prior permission.

# Abstract
In this work, we present a review of research on student understand- ing of recursion. Recursion is an important and challenging topic in computer science education. Student understanding of recursion is a well-studied research area yet there is a lack of literature reviews summarizing the work. Specifically, no literature reviews report on the tools and software used to help students learn recursion. We at- tempt to fill that gap with this work. We address the following four research questions: (1) What concepts do students struggle with most when learning recursion? (2) What are the mental models of recursion? (3) What are effective teaching methods of recursion? (4) What tools have been used to teach recursion, and are they publicly accessible? To conduct our literature review, we limited our paper search to a few major conferences that feature computer education research. We employed a snowballing technique to expand the set of papers considered for the review. As presented, this literature review will assist instructors in finding tools and methods to ef- fectively teach recursion. We hope it will also help to improve the teaching experience and student understanding while teaching and learning recursion.
